Now let's talk about promoting your app within other apps on the Google Display network the Google Display
network includes over two million publishers sites as well as AdMob 650000 plus active apps
promoting apps within other apps is a great way to expand the reach of your campaign outside of the
search network.
Since apps are part of the display network you'll need to create a campaign targeting the mobile apps
option within the display network campaign type.
You can then choose which types of device models operating systems and carriers you want your ads to
show on.
Once you create your first AD group you'll have to choose which apps you want your app to show in.
You can select all available apps only particular app categories or individual apps.
These ads will use the same app promotion and which you use for campaigns targeting the search network.
You also have the option to use image ads if you choose to use an image and you'll need to have image
sizes that are supported by mobile which are the following 320 by 50 or 320 by 480 or 480 by 32 or for
80 by 320 or 768 by 10:24 and 10:24 by 768.
Be sure to check the recommended length below and I'll see you in the next lecture.